So now let's talk about what is a shell script.
So put all your instruction in a show or in a container and just running.
So if I have to explain it through a diagram,
let's put it this way.
This is a shell,
right?
Like actually a shell.
So you actually putting all those things All those instructions like do this,
do that,
or else do that it sector everything.
You putting that together in a shell and then telling Shell,
run this set of instructions and,
of course,
run them in a sequence by default,
the shell runs old instruction in sequence.
Now,
if you notice you goto windows and you want to copy a file from one folder to another,
you right click to it or control,
see to it and then you go to another window and then you paste it.
Now how does it work?
How does Windows knows that I have been given instructions to copy it and paste it,
because when you right click and give you the option to copy and then you go to under the
window gives you the instruction to paste that is the function off a shell.
The shell is copy instructions to copy a shell is instruction to paste.
So just like that,
any out the commands or any off those functions that you run and windows,
they are all created within a shell within a commands.
You don't see those commands.
And in fact,
if you wanted to really run and Windows,
you,
you could just go toe open up the DOS prompt and you could actually run those commands a
copy command to copy file from another.
But of course,
Windows.
Microsoft had made your life a lot easier to run all those commands through graphical
interface,
which is Click click,
click now in Lenox.
You don't have that luxury,
and that's why I also Lennox is difference it because it's not gui based,
kind of,
um,
operating system.
It's a command line,
so you could run your function a lot faster so you don't have to deal with gooey and go
using up your CPU and memory.
So what do you do?
You run,
copy command or you run,
Move command or all those commands that you run.
Those are what are those?
Those are actual the scripts.
Those are shell script and who have written those the developers,
those people who have done development,
those people will do C plus plus or C development.
They create those scripts so you could use those scripts leverage on those scripts in
Creature own Shell script.
So that's how the shell scripting works.